If you're a soloreneur or you want to be
a soloreneur, if the idea of having a
business 100% run by AI interests you,
this is the episode for you. I brought
on my friend Samuel. And Samuel is
really interesting cuz he's launched 100
companies in 10 years. But what's even
more interesting is a lot of those
companies are completely powered by AI.
Now, you know me, I'm more of a software
guy, mobile app, SAS, that sort of
thing. He's an e-commerce and info guy,
but I think we can learn a lot from
people like that. And in this episode,
that's what he does. He teaches me how
to use Shopify, how to use chat GPT, how
to use Hey Genen, and how to use all
these things within the context of
building an info product or building an
e-commerce product. It got my creative
juices flowing. So, if it got mine, it
probably will yours. Now, if you made it
this far, would appreciate a like, a
comment, and subscribe because it lets
me know I should be creating content
like this in the future, and it gets you
more highquality content in your feed.
So, win-win. Enjoy the episode and
become a soloreneur. Today,
>> we got Samuel Thompson on the pod. This
guy has launched a 100 companies in 10
years. He's a capitalist on the
internet. The guy's playing with AI all
day long. And today he's promised to
share a lot of sauce. Samuel, by the end
of this episode, what are people going
to get out of it?
>> You will know how to uh launch an info
product using Foley AI and start making
money uh selling that product via
Facebook ads in an hour
>> in an hour. In an hour or less. And the
tools that we're using, like just just
name them off, like what are all the
tools?
>> Yeah, super super quick. We're going to
use uh chat GBT out the box. We're going
to use Shopify. Uh we're going to use
Canva. Uh we're going to hire somebody
on Fiverr. Uh and then Invato Elements
to give us some mockups for uh for our
images.
>> Okay. Awesome. And I just want to give
one caveat to the listener, which is
that even if you don't want to launch an
info product, this is going to help you
launch an e-commerce business, a SAS
business, a mobile app business. Am I
wrong on that?
>> Oh, 100%.
>> All right. Well, let's get into it.
>> Dope. Dope. Um, I mean, the first the
first thing that I always think about is
like what are you going to sell, right?
And so, a lot of that is it comes down
to offer. Um the one that we'll talk
about today is is this you know divorce
book uh that really came from uh me
getting married in a couple of months
and you know the the wedding industry is
humongous right like everyone's selling
you know on Etsy you have planners and
cards and like literally everything you
can need on on the wedding side and it's
super expensive and as we were going
through the process of planning our
wedding you know I was looking at the
stats and it's like well 50% of uh
marriages end in divorce. And I was
like, well, if if the wedding market is
huge, you know, the divorce market
probably is like half the size. And so
that's probably a massive market. Um
which those people are being advertised
to a bunch of different ways, uh
primarily by, you know, family law or
divorce attorneys. And
that's a service that's associated with
this offer of like when you're divorced,
all of that. Uh but there's other things
that you can offer, you know, info
products or physical products or any of
these other vehicles that you can run
with. And I'm a big fan of like super
low friction. And so an ebook became
kind of the natural like, well, what if
I just sold a book that helped people
with this specific thing? It started
super simple as like a really messy chat
GBT generated book uh onto a prospective
landing page that I made in an hour
while watching the Laker game. Got a
couple of sales early. It then graduated
to like, oh, I should probably, you
know, try to make a little bit more
money or put a little bit more effort
into it, which is what this page that
you're looking at right now, which I
built in ClickFunnels, um, is actually
for. And so what I was trying to do is
convert higher and get a higher AOV,
right? And create a bunch of content for
this. Um,
conversion rate went up, which is
awesome. Um, but Clickfunnels long-term
is not really where I want to live with
this product. And so I want to do
Shopify.
And
if anyone's seen me on Ker stuff,
they've seen me do some of the stuff
with the hummingbirds and and all of
those. Uh, and so Shopify is like my
preferred go-to platform. And so I
figured while we're hanging out, we
might as well just build it live and do
the entire Shopify build from zero, uh,
what themes we use, all the tools, how
we write all the copy, how we do all of
that, how I think about the conversion
side, um, and see where it takes us.
Tracks.
>> Let's do it. Yeah. I mean, I find it
just honestly hilarious that you're
about to get married and you created uh,
your insight was around on divorce.
You know, it works. Like I said to you
before, like when when you know 300
copies of the book showed up in my front
door, my fiance was uh jokingly
concerned. She was like, "What are you
what is what is going on here?" And I
was like, "Baby, it's it's for ecom.
Come on, get with it."
>> Yeah.
>> Um and so, yeah, I think I think just
transitioning this like super quick, uh
what I can do is just show how I
actually wrote the book. Um, so this was
pretty uh simple from the start. Um, all
I popped in on chat GPT was I want to
write a book called The Divorce Bible:
How to Win Your Divorce that helps
individuals navigate their divorce and
helps them win.
Sick. Like literally a 30 secondond
prompt. Um, then it worked through like
the structure, right? Part one, part
two, all the chapters uh all the way
through. And then all I do is go like,
"All right, please write chapter 2,
right?" And then it writes chapter 2,
you know, do the next chapter all the
way through to give you like a super
bare bones uh book, right? I think this
book, this first version of it was, you
know, maybe 70 pages, just enough to
give me something to sell. Um, and then
once I had a little bit more uh like
sales actually coming through the door,
I went through and did a deep research
report on it and then gave it a little
bit more direction around what those
chapters should be um based on that
report and made it much more robust. I
mean this book
for being AI generated is actually
really good and and it lands at 197
printed pages um and is really in-depth
with case studies and examples um which
basically was just me changing the
prompt from like please write chapter 10
uh to write chapter 10 but make sure
it's x number of pages or x number of
words to this number of words uh you
know make sure to include a case study
right like that sort of vibe then all I
did was take copy and paste all of these
into a Google doc uh and then formatted
it as a 5x7 which is this size um and
then exported it as a PDF. Uh and then
all I did was design the book cover. I
just used the Canva template here. Um
this is literally like one of their out
of the box templates and I just changed
the copy on it um to be when you're
divorced. Then you take this as a PDF.
You do uh uh what's called a PDF merge.
There's a thousand free tools on the
internet for that. And you just put uh
PDF one, then the PDF of the book, and
then a PDF of the back cover, which is
this. Um and it puts it all together
into one PDF file. That is your book
start to finish. Um as you can see,
there's there's more books coming, dude.
We're gonna we're gonna try to get LTV
up on this. Um but yeah, so you do that,
then all of a sudden you you have a
book. Um, and then it's really easy.
Like you start looking into how you need
these mockups and and stuff that for
content, which you'll see as we start to
build out the Shopify store. Um, pretty
simple. It's it's literally just Inato.
Um, and so Invato Elements, it's like, I
don't know, 15 bucks a month. Um, you
just go grab templates.
>> I don't think I've ever used this.
>> It's fire. I literally use it three
times a week. Um because all you do is
so like has all these product mockups
for books, right? Or literally whatever
you want. Like you could do, you know, a
car wrap like for a truck. Um any like
that. You download these, you pop it
into Photoshop, you upload uh
your cover here. Uh and then it
literally just like places it on the
book, which is sweet. Um which then
gives you your product photos. um or
just like any stuff. You can also we'll
do it on chat GPT to like how to
generate some of these as I as I need
more content as we get through. Um but
you know up until this point it's it's
been like uh how do we do minimum viable
product on this? Does it work? How do we
get it to work? Um and how do you get
like at the end of the day
at the end of the day it's all like a
math equation, right? And so like CAC
versus LTV and really like you want your
cash conversion cycle to be negative. So
you're like, "All right, how do I spend
$20 to sell this book for 27 and it cost
me $7 to ship so that it's at break even
at a minimum?" Um, I was able to get to
roughly break even
on this. Uh, but I struggled to push AOV
up and like that's where I want to go
into Shopify. multiple product list
things, a little bit more of like an
offer creation to try to drive it up uh
and better attribution from uh Meta uh
as I run those ads. And so that'll be
the main switch. Um which we can just
get started on. Uh Shopify is awesome.
There are two
there's a there's a bunch of themes that
exist um that can make your life a lot
easier. One that I talk about a lot is
uh called Solo Drop. Um this is
specifically designed for single product
stores. Uh it's conversion optimize. You
can literally just buy it and it has a
bunch of these plugins already built in.
Um this is actually what Hummingbird is
built on. Um
which is this one. And so this is a solo
drop theme. Super basic. Um but like
conversion optimized, right? where it's
like you can put these scene pieces on.
>> You built this, right? This is your
company.
>> Yeah. All through Solo Drop.
>> Um,
>> and so, right, like you get multi-tier
discounts, like a bunch of that stuff
that you would need to be able to
convert. And so, it's pretty easy to
just pop in and start filling in copy
and imagery. Um, I'm not necessarily
proud of this page. Um, but as an
example, I also built this, which is the
theme that we're going to use for this
is also an AI product, by the way. Um,
which is a fun one. We're going to use
this theme, um, to build out the divorce
one, right? And so, you can see kind of
the callouts that it has here. Selling
fast, right? Like a bunch of this stuff
that you would want to boost your
conversion rate are built into a few of
these themes. This one's called Elixir.
This is what we're going to use for
divorce. Um yeah, like this was also
similarly fully an AI product uh that I
just was testing. Um
all of this stuff is is AI generated. If
you're looking for products to sell, uh
Supplel is an awesome starting place. Um
they are white label like supplements
and like personal grooming products. Uh
and so you can look through all of
these. They let you put your own brand.
It's basically drop shipping
supplements. Um, and so huge fan of that
because you can just use that to get
your product squared up. Obviously, your
margin is going to be a little bit worse
when you do it this way. Welcome to drop
shipping. Um, but to test something and
like validate that it works before going
and trying to fill anQ
at, you know, a legit manufacturer like
a merit manufacturing or or someone
similar, this gets you in the door to
like test products faster. A Nox is
another great one. um they're more
skincare and so like you know face
moisturizers and and a bunch of that
stuff like we've all seen ads for
products like these um and I don't want
to say that all of them are are using
stuff like this but I know a bunch of
bigger brands now that like started
testing offers using this as their
fulfillment backend um and so same
system that we'll do on the happies and
then this one on the hummingbirds this
is just sugar so that everyone everyone
knows like it's just sugar. It's just
sugar. There's a guy on Amazon that's
done $30 million selling sugar as
hummingbird nectar on uh over the last
10 years and his branding is like
atrocious. Has never ran a Facebook ad
in his life. And I was like, dude, if he
can sell $30 million of it's literally
sugar. That's what hummingbirds eat,
sugar water. Um I could probably try to
sell some of this direct consumer. And
so, um, I'll probably end up going,
funny enough, I'll probably end up going
to a baking mix manufacturer for this
one because they have sugar and just be
like, I just need sugar. That's it. And
so, I think that's hopefully the plan.
We'll see. Um, we're going to launch
this one again probably like end of
March, early April as it gets into
spring, just cuz that's when the
hummingbirds start to migrate north. You
can read about it all in my uh,
hummingbird 101 uh, book that was also
AI generated. That's an upsell. um when
you when you buy hummingbird food. Um
and so uh that'll be its own. But back
to solo drop. Great tool. Not super
expensive either. I think lifetime's
like 200. Yeah, that's dope. Um elixir
is
the one that I've been using more. Um I
don't remember their pricing. 175 for
one license. I'm sure I could add more,
but just for the sake of the game, let's
do it from scratch. Um,
so you basically go on here and then
they have these templates that you see.
Uh, you can see that that the the one
looks probably pretty familiar. Uh, is
this
this supplement one? That's my happies.
>> There he is.
>> Um, and so it's like literally just a
clone of that just to test it. Um, I
like that one. So, I'm just going to go
with that because I already know it and
we can move faster on this. Um,
beauty template access supplements. Oh,
the Discord group is kind of cool. Um,
>> I got to say, Sam, like I'm not I don't
know if you know this about me, but like
I'm a software guy, mobile apps,
>> SAS, that sort of thing. So, like
>> yeah,
>> this whole world that you're sharing
like I had no idea existed. Like
>> dude, it's nuts. It's like uh I mean
it's all like it it's rooted in drop
shipping, right? Like during COVID,
that's like where I really cut my teeth.
I was like I sold like $800,000 of a
teeth whitening product that I found on
on AliExpress. Um and what it did, it's
interesting cuz similar to you, like I
spend way more of my time, like personal
time really in in like agency world and
and software. Um, but my approach to
marketing is all in drop shipping where
it's it's like so routed in in the math,
right? Like cuz when you're a drop
shipper, when you're 19 and you have
$1,000, like you have to find a product
in a marketing angle that like makes
your math work super well. Um, and so
it's literally all been
it's it's like drop shipping mentality
applied to those other things. Like for
our agencies, like we run Facebook ads,
that's it. And so it's like I just run
it because I I do it like drop shipping.
Like it's it's ecom import theme. Upload
a zip file. When you buy the elixir,
they will send you a zip file. Um
beauty. That's not the one that I
bought, but [__] it. We'll just see
where it goes. And so that goes in
there. 30 minutes in. Dude, we're going
to do this. Watch. I have faith.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm like invested in this now.
Like I need I need to know how to do
this myself. I got you. Yeah,
we'll wait for that to load. Um,
yeah. I mean, a lot of a lot of this
theme makes it so you're just in like
content creation mode, right? Like
you're just trying to load up all of the
different elements of it that allow for
it to start to work. Um, luckily I have
a bunch of that already and so like we
don't have to go from from zero zero,
but
we'll be able to do it. I'm going to
need another fresco dude. License
required. Good thing I have one.
Pop that in there. Boom.
Okay,
we've got the foundation. Um, I always
start when I'm doing this, uh, you're
running when you're running ads at, uh,
a product direct to consumer on Shopify,
uh, 90% of the time you're running that
directly to the product page, um, of
which we need, uh, a product. So, I need
to do that. Um, and so I don't really
mess around with the homepage that much.
It's mostly just like some filler
content because no one's really going to
see it. Um, and so this is when your
divorce.
One thing I'm going to do on this one is
call it the starter kit because I want
to push AOV up, right? If it's just the
book, it's hard to sell a book for 70
bucks. like it's just not really
it's just not really going to be a
thing. Uh description doesn't really
matter. Let me see if I can find a
easy copy of this.
>> By the way, if you know for people who
are thinking about like what is the
price, what should my price point be?
>> You can just ask ChateBT if your price
point makes sense, right? So if you're
like, hey, when you're divorced, I'm
trying to sell it for $79. is like
chatbt is probably going to tell you
it's a bad idea if you just say like my
buyer is going to you have to like
explain who your buyer is in your avatar
in like somewhat in pretty good detail
like average
>> what they're going to be you know their
average salary that sort of thing
>> yes agreed wholeheartedly
>> look at our little guy dude totally AI
generated
>> just the way you like it
>> just the way I like it dude I'm always
down for a little AIness this. Okay,
cool. So, now we've got our product in
here. We're going to list this product
at So, when I was running the ads, I was
selling the book for 29 bucks. Um, and I
was I had a one-click upsell on the
back. So, like if you go through this
funnel, um, right? Like you put in all
of your information, you hit next, and
there's a there's a bump offer. I'm not
going to click it cuz it's going to
autofill my personal information. Uh,
and so I won't. But there's a button
that lets you like add a $17 or $18
product onto it. And so it pushes your
AOV from 29. If they if they if they buy
it, it's it's 48. Mine was landing on
average at like 42 43. And my CAC was
roughly like on good days it was sub 40.
On bad days it was like 45. And so it
all kind of settled into like a break
even funnel. Um, but I know I can
acquire customers sub 45. And so like
when I think about pricing here, it's
like, all right, how do I get this to
like, you know, 58 and then compare that
price at, you know, 90 99 bucks for the
starter kit. Um,
and then we'll save that product. Pop
back to the theme that we're going to
build.
Edit theme.
Let's see if it gives me my product.
Yellow. Look at that, dude. We've got
ourselves a product. Uh 99% of traffic
is mobile, so I'm only thinking about uh
mobile optimization.
Um then you're just really filling in
all of the content here, right? Um, and
so obviously this this template is built
around uh some sort of beauty product to
some degree. Um,
and so dude, for the sake for the sake
of the game, dude.
>> Mhm.
>> Password disabled. For the sake of the
game, just just for your the audience, I
have never done this before, but like is
we're gonna take this, we're gonna pop
into chat GPT.
I'm gonna send this link. I'm going to
say look at this website
and give me all the copy based on the
content of the book and the fact that
the book helps
people going through divorce win. Focus
on major
value props,
dude. Let's see if this works, dog.
This would be pretty nifty. I guess I
could give it my other one, too. The one
that already has a bunch of the copy
because that was that was going to be
more of my um stuff.
Oh, proven strategies to protect your
kids. Yep. Yep. Yep.
When I'm running these, I'm It's like
all It's mostly It's mostly
copyrightiting,
>> which is sick because chatbt helps with
that. Um I mean, [__] we'll just V1 it.
Let's just do what it did, right?
>> Yeah. And obviously, like if we were
doing this for real Z's, we wouldn't
just take like the first output of it.
>> Oh, no. Yeah, you're reworking it. I
mean, I I have a bunch of like that
reworked copy on this page. Um,
>> right. So, like I basically asked it for
a bunch of ideas and headlines and then
just went through and started grabbing
bits and pieces about it. Um, but yeah,
I mean most of this stuff like I I
didn't like come up with the I don't
I've never been I've never been married,
you know what I mean? Like I can't talk
about divorce like that. Um, but luckily
luckily other people have talked about
it on the internet and ChachiB knows how
to find it. Um, and so I think that
that's the move. Um, one piece that I
like is this little uh emojis benefit
list. This is fire. Um, and so this is
like what are the five main benefits of
this product.
Uh, write them each in 40 characters or
less. Oh, love it, dude. Just so on the
nose. You got to protect your kids,
dude. You got to protect your kids.
>> You know, we can't be messing around.
>> Boom.
Protect your kids. Oh, I could do more
than 50 characters. Let's do do it
again, but max 75.
>> And you're doing it longer just cuz uh
because it fits, right? So like to me
that just feels like wasted conversion
space. Um but I don't want it too long
to go to two lines and it starts to eat
up screen real estate on the page. Um
and so that's my general approach. So,
>> and from meta ads,
>> what sort of conversion rate is good on
a page like this?
>> Um, yeah, I love that question. Um,
I would say if you're sitting between
like three and five on something like
this, you're in like a reasonably good
space. Um, there's so many variables
with it. most of it uh is a function of
like price and like type of uh
product. So like you can imagine like if
you've gone and shopped for clothes on
you know I don't know jcrew.com like you
might add a bunch of stuff to cart but
you might not buy and so like their
their percentages are different than on
something that's like a direct like
please purchase this right now. Um, but
3 to five is what I was hitting on
hummingbirds at a little bit of a
cheaper price point. Uh, but a little
bit less value. Um, and so that would be
really where I would target for this.
>> Cool. Yeah. I guess if you're under
three, you probably need to rework your
copy, your offer. If you're over five,
you just want to pile as much traffic as
possible to this page.
>> Yeah. And and if you're over five, uh
depending on how your your math is
looking, you might you might consider
raising your price. Um right, because
again, it's all math. It's like is it's
it's cost of traffic times conversion
rate times AOV, right? And so it's like
if you can go and bump your price by
more than 20% and your conversion rate
only takes a 10% hit, like not Yeah,
like 10% of the five, right? So it goes
to 4.5, but you push your price up.
Mathematically, your rorowaz goes up,
right? Cuz like your cost of traffic
maintains equal. You just pull more cash
out of the back. Um, and so you're
testing that, which is like why I always
do this compare at price. Like I'll do
price testing, right? I'll run $1,000
worth of ads at this thing at 58, see
where my metrics lie, and then I'll be
like, "Okay, this right now has this
holiday sale." and it's like we're going
to call this the New Year sale and it's
like all right we're going to go do a
I don't know a St. Patrick's Day sale
and it's going to be a lower amount.
What is the impact of conversion rate
versus AOV and and on rorowass? Cuz like
all this is like all I'm ever trying to
do on ecom is I'm not necessarily trying
to go build some massive brand. I'm just
trying to create like what I would call
like a rigged slot machine where I know
I can put a dollar in and get a $1.30 30
cents out and then it's like how do how
do I put as many dollars into that thing
as humanly possible while that math
holds and then when that math it's why
I've done a 100 company like when that
math stops holding I just go and do
another thing that gives me that degree
of return. Um, and so that's why I like
info on on this sort of stuff is like
you could just shut this thing down to
get like tomorrow and launch another
ebook at the next day if you think that
it has a better chance at running that
math. And so it's not as much of an LTV
game here. I think it makes sense to
like play into it. And I like talking
about it cuz like if if someone had like
24 hours in the day and they were like
going to make this their business, they
would treat it a little bit differently
than I do. And they'd go deeper and
they'd definitely launch more books and
they would try to push LTV up and they'd
launch a community on the back for, you
know, divorced parents and like grab 199
bucks a year for a Facebook group of
like, yeah, like these are all the
people that have gone through what
you've gone through. Like there's so
many things that you can do on the back
of like validating your own ability to
generate customers around a specific
offer, right? And so it's like I always
just start with this stuff cuz it's
easier um to literally just like
validate that part cuz if that's all
that's all that's all entrepreneurs are
trying to do at the beginning of
launching anything is like can I
profitably acquire customers or like can
I acquire customers at all? Cuz if you
can't then what are you doing? And then
you just move on to the next product.
Um, okay. So that's all there. 2025
verified results. Latest and most
upto-date product based on modern
science. That's hilarious. Based on
customer reviews.
I already know. I already know cuz it
happens all the time. Yes, I'm going to
put fake reviews on here to start and
then I will replace them as I get real
ones. I promise. That's always the game.
But you got to just see what it's going
to look like. Limited time free gift
offer. This is sick. This is a great
opportunity to use AI.
Um,
create a list of five free
bonus
gifts they receive when they buy the
book.
These should all be digital products or
downloads.
>> And could you explain why bonus gifts as
a strategy is important?
>> Yeah, it's just perceived value. Um, it
just boosts conversion rate, right? So,
like you could you could uh sell the
book at at 29 bucks and and have a
standalone like funnel for that or you
can throw in other stuff that makes them
feel like they're getting a better and
better deal. Um, the way that I try to
think about it on these is
giving enough variety here where
somebody will see one of them and be
like, "Oh, shoot. I really need that."
Right? Like whatever this one is. Let's
see. Free custom. Where's brush?
Um,
right. Like divorce evidence checklist.
Somebody might see that and be like,
"Oh, I actually need that." And then
it's like part of this bigger purchase,
right? And so just it's a conversion
rate thing more than than anything,
right? Custody preparation. Like
somebody's going to see that that knows
that they're going to be going through
custody situation and they're like, "Oh
yeah, like I need that." And then we're
going to go to one line custody
preparation template. Um it's just value
ad like what what can you do to give the
customer more more of what they um need
and like drive their desire to buy this
thing up. Um
all these icons I would do the exact
same thing um of like Canva here. So
like what is that first one? financial
financial protection quick guide.
Actually, dude, I was over here
designing some things.
So, like financial protect all that it
is is a screen. This is a this is
actually just a Canva template. Um, and
so whatever we want to call any of these
like
we can toss in. And you can just do
these ones in Canva uh to make all of
this stuff. And so it's like cool, they
get all this stuff for free, they
purchase it. This is all like conversion
rate stuff um that people are looking
for like you do all that description. So
then you could go here
write a three sentence product
description.
Do you do you prompt the way that I
prompt or are you like firing away like
some some pretty robust
>> prompts? Yeah. I feel like the way you
prompt is like
very to the point, rudimentary, like
you're not there's no fat, you know?
>> No, it's just I just need this, dude.
>> I need this. I'm I'm more of like a I
I'll rarely prompt something that's one
sentence.
>> Interesting. So, you know, and I don't
know, you know, sometimes maybe you get
better if you're if you're more direct
and you're just like one sentence, but I
also think that giving that extra
context is helpful.
>> Oh, for sure. For sure. I think there's
like uh part of this is like we're under
a shot clock and so it's moving quick.
Exactly. But I would say I' like
generally that that's my style of like
cuz I I am very rarely trying to get a
final output out of AI. I need like I I
want like a 80% head start, right? So
it's like I'll grab these and be like,
"All right, like that's cool." And then
I'll edit this stuff a little bit more.
Part of that is like I've also been
running ads and like writing copy for a
very long time and so sometimes it's
just faster for me to just like what
give me the idea and then I can write
around it and so that's a little bit of
a different
approach to that. Yeah. So this I mean
this process like we can keep going
through it. I think people probably get
the vibe right like you are filling in
all of this copy
with stuff from chat. you just ask
chatbt for specific stuff. Um,
this stuff, this is all uh, hey genen
and so if you want good photos and
videos of people um, like holding the
product, I generally do it through hen.
Um, which is pretty fun. Uh, there's
definitely nuances with Hey Genen. One
thing that I found with Hunen that's
really good is their uh you like it's
with 11 Labs too but like the voice
cloning feature is like I think the
problem with AI video is like they don't
always get the fluctuation or like
what's that called with your voice like
the it's like fluctuation
>> I think.
>> Yeah. Right. They like they don't they
don't capture like how someone would
actually say it. Um, and so a big piece
of it, uh, for me has been going and
creating the video, but doing it with a
voice that I cloned of myself saying the
script. Um, which is a pretty pretty fun
one. I make a bunch of these, dude. All
the test different stuff. Um, so these
when you make like the avatar
4, I basically just like pick one of
their That's hilarious. Stephen's going
to see that and laugh. Um, I pick one of
their avatars and then you can put in
the product photo and then it generates
like a bunch of images of the person
before you turn them into like a talking
video and then I just screenshot that
and roll them into like you can see it
on on all of these, right? Like that's
that guy and that's just a screenshot of
a preview that they give me before they
generate the full video. Um, and then
you can do this with chat GBT too is
like you just say write a
write a 45second
script
uh for an ad that is a customer
reviewing
the book. And then you'll just pop
you'll edit it, but like then you'll
just pop that into your Hey, Jen. and
it'll generate. I don't know if you'll
be able to hear this, but see how it's
like just it's a little funky, but when
you do the voice clone thing, it works a
lot better. But then you can go and like
create a bunch of those ads. And so you
have all these images and then you just
start building out the ad creatives in
Canva. You take those images, you're
you're grabbing all these headline
copies uh directly from here.
That's his All right. Uh cool. Thanks.
Now, write 15 high converting static ad
creative headlines. Um, so then you take
all those, you'll you'll toss them into
these are literally, dude, like they're
all just templates directly out of
Canva. Like you're just loading in
images, it's all like what is the
headline? Uh, and that's like when
you're testing it, right? Like this is
the same. This is an ad creative, right?
It's like a picture that I took of the
book. Um, and then I just had it write
the copy, right? Like this one works so
well, dude. People do not trust their
divorce attorneys at all. They're always
my highest performing ads, dude. It's
crazy. Um, it's like no stuff that your
lawyer won't tell you. And it's like
>> that's the people, right, that are
buying. Um, but yeah, like all these are
just like images that I took. All this
stuff is the same. All AI generated with
a little bit of love. Um, and then these
headlines, right? Like it'll just pump
out headlines like this, right? Most
people lose their divorce before court.
Great headline. The book your lawyer
won't hand you, right? Like all of this
sort of stuff that that can get used in
in copy across the board, right? So like
when you scroll through here, right?
Like this is just what they gave me.
Like divorce is war. Win yours, right?
It's all just the copy that um I'm
pulling out of chat GPT.
And so again, once you once you go
through and have this whole all the
content filled out, right? Like using
the Hey Gen stuff, using the chat GPT
stuff. Um I mean you could even some of
these images are are generated directly
with chat GPT, right? generate an image
of this sort of person holding this sort
of or the screenshot of the product um
to get a bunch of those and then you
just doctor them up in Canva and then
you publish this on whatever your
domain's going to be and you go and run
the ads um and the ads are like I said
kind of like primarily statics like you
just find
like templates like you can these are
the recently used ones that I have like
this is literally the template right
here it's like I didn't come up with
anything I just grabbed whatever the
available templates
um to get those ads live and then toss
all of them in in a CBO campaign on
Facebook tested at you know I generally
like minimum 50 bucks a day but like if
your product is more than 50 bucks a day
I would just whatever your product is
priced at if you know you can get one
purchase off of that ad spend to break
even it's like where I would start. Um,
and so for this, if I push it at 60
bucks, I I would probably run it at 100
bucks a day just for the love of the
game. Um, but like you can start with
with like 50 bucks a day pretty easily.
And so I don't know what else is worth
like going deep like they'll literally
if we keep going it'll just be like copy
pasting all of this
>> over time, you You basically, dude,
you've basically shown how one person
could use AI to, you know, build a
business that looks, feels, smells,
tastes like a really, really big
business and, you know, hopefully impact
people. You know, hopefully
>> hopefully this win your divorce book,
like when I, you know, looking at some
of the the content like it seems
valuable to me as a man who's never even
contemplated divorce and half married,
but you know what I mean, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Um, so what's really cool is I think
this this shows some of the opportunity
that, you know, how many thousands of
different niches and thousands of
products
>> exist. That's crazy. And it's not, you
know, it's it's one of those I I try to
tell people like the hummingbird stuff
like uh there there's no part of me
that's ever trying to convince somebody
that this is going to be like the next
billion dollar idea, but like I I I have
like very tangible proof that things
like this can make you $100,000 in
profit a year, right? And it's like
>> it's it's a like me running hummingbirds
at this point other than the fact that I
was manufacturing it myself. Like it
really takes me about 90 minutes a week
to like make some new ads, look at the
ads that are working, make a couple
adjustments and then like the ads do all
the heavy lifting, right? Like instead
of me having to sit there and be like,
"Dude, I got to produce, you know, six
YouTube videos a month in effort, I can
also just probably go spend money on ads
to like create that rigged ATM." Um, and
for me, it's like I just want I want the
ads to do the heavy lifting. Um, and so
it turns into I mean I have a handful of
these. I've, you know, shown you three
already. um and have another one that
I'm going to launch, you know, whenever
I can find 2 hours. Um and so it's a
very Yeah, it's just it's simple. It's
like find an offer that makes sense and
try to make your math work.
>> Sam, thanks for for coming on. I really
enjoyed this. Um I'm feeling a bit
inspired. I'm actually it's reaffirmed
my belief that understanding how good
info people do things and some of the
tools that they use could be applied to
mobile apps and SAS. So,
>> I'm about to get to work. You got my
brain spinning.
>> Let's go.
>> Um, and uh you'll have to come back on
hopefully.
>> Uh, once I get it live, we can do a
we'll do a a Facebook ads version where
I go deeper on that half of it. Um,
>> and so that's easy.
>> That sounds good. Yeah. comment uh on
YouTube what you want to learn from from
Samuel
uh in the part two of this Facebook ads,
you know, you name it. And uh until next
time, I'll include the links where you
can go and play with a lot of these
tools, templates, where you can follow
Samuel on the internet. And uh I
encourage you to have some fun and go
build some cool things.
>> Easy money. Take care, dude.